>> My ability to
empathize is not special.
We are all doing
it all the time.
>> I teach people how to
receive intuition at will,
not just at the whimsy
of fate or something.
>> You are an intuitive being.
That is your birthright
as a child of the source.
>> I just want all of us who
are already doing it to go, yay,
we're doing it.
And this is cool
that we're doing it.
And it's helping people.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Every single one
of us has intuition.
Everyone's intuitive.
Everyone's empathic.
Most people just
don't listen to it
because they don't know
that your intuition is
like your soul's whisper.
>> It's sort of like if you
got a brand new car and it came
fully loaded, but you never
used any of the accessories.
You never turned on
the satellite radio.
You never tried the fancy GPS.
Same thing here with people
that don't use their intuition.
>> Intuition means connecting
with our higher self
and receiving divine messages,
receiving wisdom, inspiration,
healing, receiving answers to
our questions and concerns.
>> We are merging our
non-physical self and reality
with the physical
self and reality,
realizing that the spiritual
is inside the physical.
It's always been
inside the physical.
But we haven't been
looking for it.
We've been looking for
it out there somewhere.
And it's not, it's right here.
>> I often say to people, think
about that day when you met
somebody who became your
best friend or your husband
or your wife, someone who is
incredibly important to you.
Did any one of us
wake up that morning
and go, all right,
law of attraction,
I'm going to meet my
love of my life today,
I'm going to meet
my best friend?
No, we were going about
our ordinary business,
buying our coffee in the
same place we always do.
Or we just happened to go to
some event or party or workshop
and, you know, you just
sit next to somebody
and you smile and you
just like them right away.
There's this
sweetness or this buzz
between you or this connection.
And it just brings you into
such a beautiful, warm place.
And even though you don't
know any of the details
about that person, you
love them right away.
What makes that so?
What moves your
life magnetically
to that person in that
moment at that time
at that point in your path?
It's as if that there's
this force that knows
what we need better than we do.
>> Master intuitive,
what does that mean?
>> For me, master
intuitive is that I just,
I experience a lot of clarity.
You know, so a lot
of people get lost
in what people call the monkey
mind or the chattering mind.
I don't have that in my head.
You know, I don't
talk in my head.
I don't get stuck in my head.
I only receive intuition.
It's very easy for me to
know how to navigate myself
through life.
Or when I'm helping
someone, I could
see what to say without
giving my own opinion or bias.
It's really just what
comes to me through source,
if you want to call it
source, if you want to call it
your higher self.
>> The more open my heart
is, the more available I am
to what's going on around me
and the more I know what people
need.
I guess another way
of thinking about it
is what is the intuition for?
For whatever reason,
I have not yet
been gifted with the
ability to know what's
going to happen in the future.
My intuition tends to be
more like therapeutic.
Like, I know what people need
emotionally, therapeutically.
>> The work that we're here
to do is all about identifying
your unique gifts and bringing
them forward and leveraging
them to bring a little
bit of Heaven to Earth,
to be in service to others, to
be in service to your own soul,
to also give and receive--
and notice I say receive--
give and receive as much
compassion as humanly possible.
And that takes a leap
of faith, unless you
tap into your intuition.
You tap into your intuition,
and all of a sudden,
there's no longer any faith or
trust required, it simply is.
>> Look at those places where
you do things that people think
are awesome, but that you
tend to dismiss as trivial.
We think that because
something is easy for us,
we don't deserve credit for it.
But actually, the easier
something is for us,
I don't know about the
more credit we deserve,
but the more attention
that deserves.
That's where your
gift often lies.
So be extra attentive
to those things you
do that are super easy for you.
Because that's magic.
>> I think our intuitive stuff
is really a deep survival
skill.
Survival might be
natural, right?
Going to sleep is natural.
What do you do when
you go to sleep?
You say, gee, I'm tired,
I think I'll go to sleep.
So that's your intention.
And then you let
go of the intent.
And you probably think of
something else and fall asleep.
But if I said to you, OK, how
about we put you on TV tonight.
10 million people
will be watching.
We'll give you $1 million if you
can fall asleep in 20 minutes.
You think you could do it?
No.
So here's a natural
thing, but now
we've loaded it with
self-consciousness, pressure,
efforting.
And so when people say
I don't have intuition,
usually it's because that brain
is so active, that they haven't
quieted down, they haven't
opened up their feeling centers
enough to be able to detect it.
>> Everything that you do
to enhance and practice with
your spiritual abilities
has a cumulative impact.
It all stacks up.
It all adds up.
It's like going to the gym.
It's like taking the stairs
instead of the elevator.
>> The idea with becoming more
intuitive or becoming a master
intuitive, if we want
to use those words,
is I imagine it like an
equalizer on a sound board
where you have your intuition's
voice and your thinking voice,
your limited mind.
And every time you
get that intuitive
hit, when you listen to it,
when you choose to act on it,
you're giving energy to it.
So you're turning the
volume up on your intuition
and you're turning the volume
down on the limited mind.
And the more you do that,
eventually you get to a point
where there's no
voice in your head.
There's no talking and
it's just empty space.
And all you receive
is intuitive thought.
Because ultimately,
our mind is designed
to be an empty space for our
heart's intuition, our heart's
visions, just like
when we were a child.
You know, when we were a child,
we didn't have the monkey mind.
>> You can see clearly all of
the pros and cons of a decision
that you're going to make.
You might get a flash,
an insight, a picture.
Just a really simple thing--
the other day I had
a picture of myself.
I'm at home.
But I had a picture
of looking up
at the marquee at the
airport or whatever,
you know, they put the time
that the flights are going,
and I saw the word delayed.
Now, it's just a really quick
little flash of "delayed."
And so then I take
a pause and go,
OK, was that just monkey
mind, me imagining,
oh my flight the next day
is going to be delayed?
Or was that a true
intuitive hit or an insight?
How I know that was
an intuitive insight
is that it came in unexpected,
it came in very clear.
It came in neutral.
There was no excitement.
There was no fear or anxiety.
It simply was.
So I took it very seriously.
And, of course, the next
day, I checked on the flight.
It was delayed.
Why did I get that insight?
I don't know.
But I'll take it.
>> Opening up your intuition
is stepping into a higher level
of awareness.
You are literally becoming
aware of more things.
But it's not everything.
And there's a trap for
professionals like me
who can fetishize our
own intuitive abilities
and delusionally
believe that makes us,
like, gurus or something,
when in reality we just
have this one extra capacity.
They're like, I have
intuition thus I am a master.
No, I have intuition
and that's real.
And maybe I'm even a
master of intuition,
but that doesn't
make me all knowing.
That just makes me really
good at this thing.
>> We only have two emotional
states, if you think about it,
right?
We have ones that
make us feel heavier
and ones that make
us feel lighter.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Whenever we're in a
heavier emotional state,
that means that whatever we're
perceiving is not complete.
It's off in some way.
You're not seeing
the full picture.
So it's kind of like if
you're looking through blinds
but the blinds aren't
completely open.
So you're just seeing
part of the picture.
So you might be
getting a little chunk.
But if you're in a lighter
emotional state, passion, joy,
creativity, excitement,
love, inspiration, clarity,
then you're seeing clearly
from your light body,
as you might want to call it.
There is the la-la-land
effect, you know,
where you meet someone
and you're on cloud nine
and you're kind of caught up
in the fantasy of your mind.
But the question is, did you
get swayed off of your center?
Because if you're just
in this blissful bubble,
chances are it'll get
popped at some point.
Because you're
living in a bubble.
And some people want to enjoy
the bubble, and that's OK, too.
It really just depends
where you're coming from.
It's having the ability to
get back into your center
and being like, OK, let me
just look at things clearly.
Like, yes, this is
an amazing person
and I'm so excited about them.
And let's be over here,
let's be where my intuition
lives, if that's your choice.
I still experience emotion.
I mean, I love emotions.
But it feels more spirited.
Like, the emotions
that I experience
don't take control of me.
I could feel emotions
without becoming my emotions.
And that's a great
mastery point.
Because a lot of people
become their emotions.
When they're angry,
they become enraged.
And it's that blind rage.
You know, where
the idea is to be
able to feel your emotions
without having any judgment
or resistance to them,
kind of like a dog.
When you see a dog who is upset,
and dogs feel emotions, right?
They're sad.
But how quickly can that dog
go from sad to happy, right?
That's because dogs
don't dwell in it.
They don't judge themselves
for their emotions.
They don't resist
their emotions.
They just allow it
to flow through them,
and then they go
to the next thing.
So they're a great
example of how
we can learn to better operate
with our emotions in that way.
I was dating a woman
years ago and we
were coming towards the
end of our relationship.
And we were fighting a lot.
We were just not
in a good place.
She had my keys,
for whatever reason.
And I had a client
that was coming,
so I was like, make
sure you come home
straight after work because
I need the keys for my client
to come in.
And she's like, yeah, yeah.
And intuitively I knew
she wasn't going to do it.
But I was just like, in my head,
I was like, she better do it,
you know?
[LAUGHS] And sure enough,
she didn't show up.
For three hours I could
not get a hold of her,
and so I was getting pissed.
And I just got to the
point where I was just,
how could she do this?
That's so insensitive.
And all these other
reasons that came up,
only to find out
three hours later,
she was right down the
street and she was just
ignoring my calls.
Logically, if I were to
think with the logical mind,
I have every reason in
the world to be angry.
She said she was
going to do this.
And I could justify every
reason why to be angry.
But then I'm just
justifying my heavy state,
which that's not the goal.
I'm not trying to
stay in a heavy state.
And so with the interest of
practicing what I preach,
I was like, OK, in
some way I'm wrong.
In some way, there's
something I'm not seeing.
I can't imagine how
I could possibly
be wrong in this situation
or misperceiving something
because it's very clear that she
just didn't do certain things.
But let me own it.
So I stopped, I took a second,
and I took full responsibility
for the emotion.
And as soon as I said,
"what am I not seeing,"
my intuition gave me a download
and immediately what I saw was
she's been doing this for
months and months and months.
And you keep choosing
to take her back.
And that's where you're
enabling it and not
taking full responsibility.
So that only happened because
I realized in the heavy state
there must be something
I'm not seeing.
So this is one of
the ways that we
could learn to work
with our superpowers
with our intuition
to be masters of it.
>> What I encourage people to
do is to really explore what
brings them into
their deepest center,
something that helps them
drop out of their mind,
deeper into their direct felt
experience and helps them
to ground in that which
is deeper than their mind.
So for me and for most people,
that's some kind of meditation.
>> The most important
thing about meditation is
effortlessness,
comfort, just relaxing.
People think that they
have to do something,
that meditation is hard, that
they have to control the mind,
that they have to
blank the mind.
All these ideas about meditation
are completely erroneous.
>> The pace of life I think
is really out of step with
what's natural and what's good
for our social, relational,
spiritual well-being.
So I think we all need to
find some practice that we
can do every day to have
some spiritual musculature so
that we have a chance to
respond rather than react.
>> The easiest way to meditate
and to begin to develop
your intuition is to
just sit down in a chair,
close your eyes.
You take maybe three really
deep breaths like this.
You can breathe out through
either the nose or the mouth,
it doesn't matter.
But always breathing in through
the nose because the nose
is designed to take in air.
Immediately, you'll
start to settle down.
Ask to be taken deeper.
And then take some more
deep breaths and go deeper.
And when I say ask, I mean,
say some affirmations perhaps.
>> Find a prayer for yourself
that you can come back
to in the midst of the day.
And the simpler the better.
>> Affirmation is really
important to help you get
into that quiet, peaceful state.
>> One of my prayers that
I share with people is,
"May I ground in the infinite
source so that I can stabilize
there and open my heart to
all that arises and become
a deeper, more noble,
wiser, kinder human being."
>> It's like Jean-Luc Picard in
"Star Trek" saying, "Engage."
I always picture him.
Sometimes I picture
him and think, engage.
And instead of, I don't
have to do like 15 or 20
minutes of meditation or
anything, it's like a keyword,
I'm on.
>> Maybe you have
a problem at home.
Maybe you are having a
conflict with your spouse
or you're having
a conflict at work
and you want to know
how to solve that.
So you can ask that question and
then take another deep breath
and completely let go.
And be neutral, have a neutral
attitude, but open to receive.
And then the answer
will occur to you.
It will just pop into your mind.
>> I ask students to keep a
diary of the insights that they
get and what they did,
what's the outcome.
They're like, oh, I don't want
to write all that stuff down.
It's like, you don't
want to do the work?
Fine.
Don't do the work.
But don't come and
complain to me.
There is no magic
pill I can give
you to turn on your intuition.
You have to do the work.
So once they start keeping
a log of what happens,
and whether they
followed it or not
and what the outcome was,
over a period of a few weeks,
they can look back and
see patterns and trends
and how this is happening.
Oh, I feel it this way.
Not beat themselves
up for not trusting
the intuitive
insight, but just use
it as a key learning
for next time.
This is work.
But it's well worth the
payoff that you get.
>> For me, meditation isn't
necessarily something you even
have to do with your
eyes closed formally.
You know, you could
be washing the dishes.
You could live in
a meditative state.
For me, meditation
is simply presence.
It's a lot like goosebumps.
There's nothing you can
do to make it happen,
but you can notice when it does.
I find that a lot of people
struggle with meditation
simply because it's
not engaging enough.
It's not because they
suck at meditation.
It's not because, oh,
I can't quiet my mind.
It's about finding a
way to make meditation
engaging for you so you really
thoroughly enjoy the process.
I like creating really
passionate, playful,
creative meditations
that same way
when you're watching a movie.
If you're watching
a boring movie,
you're going to be talking
in your head the whole time.
But if you're engaged in
it, you're present with it.
That's like meditation.
So it's about creating
an engaging meditation.
And, yes, you could do
that by slowing down.
You could breathe at 12
o'clock, as I like to say,
which is breathing right
up your center over there.
And that'll start
to slow you down.
And you'll get more
present with your spirit.
There's not a
one-size-fits-all approach.
[AMBIENT MUSIC]
>> Meditating for 20 years in
an ashram never appealed to me.
I was in a monastery when I
was 14 for two years in silence
and found that wasn't
my shtick this lifetime.
The types of binaural
beat technology
we use up at Monroe Institute
and many other programs
now are elegant and within
10 minutes getting you
to quiet that mind.
>> Binaural beats, it's an
old technology that dates back
to the 1830s.
The idea is really simple.
So if you're wearing
a set of headphones
and you put 100hz into
one ear and you put 104hz
into the other ear, the brain
tries to equalize the two.
You know, it should be
hearing the same thing.
Well, it can't because
they're inherently different.
And there's this
unique structure
in the brain that says,
oh, if I'm hearing this
and I'm hearing that
and they're different,
it will set up a third tone.
So the third tone is the
difference between the two.
So 100, 104, so it sets up
a third tone, which is 4.
That tone, which
doesn't exist anywhere
except inside the
brain, creates a beat.
So when you do that, it
sounds kind of like wah,
wah, wah, wah.
The whole brain starts to
resonate with that third tone.
4, as an instance, it's in the
delta range, which is sleep.
So if you just did those
two tones and the brain
starts to follow along, we
call it the frequency following
response.
And it starts to
follow along at 4.
And you would go to sleep.
We'll introduce 4, and
then we'll introduce 14.
So now you have your body is
deeply relaxed and asleep.
And your mind is bright,
awake, and clear.
The cool thing is that
you don't have to have
the tones after a while.
You do it a couple of times
and you go, oh, yeah, I
remember what that looks
like and feels like.
>> Let's say you and I
wanted to learn the waltz.
It would be difficult.
But if somebody
started playing the waltz, we
could catch the rhythm, right?
The hemi-sync binaural beat
stuff presents a rhythm
to the brain that allows
the brain to go, ah,
this is what you want.
And fairly easily, if your
intention is to relax,
you could relax or to open
your heart or be creative
or wherever else
you wanted to go.
But if the fire
alarm went off, you'd
be right up and dealing with it.
It's not like a heavy drug
like ayahuasca or something,
which might blow you apart and
open you up to a lot of things,
but is hard to control.
This is nice to be
able to control.
>> These binaural beats are
just training wheels to get us
to learn how to enter into
these various states of expanded
awareness, and then off you go.
[AMBIENT MUSIC]
>> I'm going to give
you an extreme example.
My brother committed suicide
back about 25 or six years ago.
And I got the call
from the police.
And then I had to
call my parents
and tell them their son had
died under this circumstance.
So then I had to hop
on a plane and go up
for the funeral arrangements.
So I'm like, ugh.
And I laid down
with the hemi-sync.
I admittedly have been
practicing it for many years
by then.
But within 10 minutes, I felt
a feeling of relaxing, opening,
angelic consolation.
I didn't hear my brother's
voice or anything.
But my mood and my
wife's mood were so good
that we carried that up
into the family gathering
and helped everybody calm down.
>> I'm going to
give you a reading.
And the way I do
these readings is
by allowing your energy or
your feelings into my own body.
It's like I'm relaxing into the
subtle experience I'm having
of you, like I'm taking you on.
I can see that
you're, like, trying
to be really present with me
and curious and a little bit
on guard.
And I can see that with my eyes.
What people are watching is
not me conceptually seeing you
and making sense of it,
it's me feeling what I feel
and sharing it.
>> OK.
>> And before every reading,
I take off this necklace
because I use this necklace
to kind of protect myself from
people's energy.
And so now I want the opposite.
So I'm going to just
take it off here.
The way my empathic
abilities work
is that I find myself
feeling what is going on
with another person.
I feel people in layers.
Like, I can feel what
somebody is feeling
right now in this moment.
And then I can dig
beyond that into what's
going on with their
life generally
at this point in time.
And then if I
really concentrate,
I can feel into what are the
driving emotions of their life.
OK, can I have your left hand?
Face down.
Thanks.
I often just know what's
going on with a person.
It's almost as if a fragment of
my consciousness, to the extent
that I have an
independent consciousness,
goes off and travels
into the other person
and then comes back to
me with information.
>> The mind likes fancy.
The heart speaks simple.
For example, when I'm
speaking with my grandmother,
I love my grandmother.
When I was living with her,
I would have people come in
for psychic sessions.
And I would give them the
readings and transformations
and whatnot.
She's very curious
without being judgmental.
That's the secret
sauce, you know?
Because if you're coming
at me with a judgment,
I don't even want to
explain it to you.
But she genuinely
wants to understand.
She's like, what are
you doing, you know?
What do you do when
you're helping somebody?
Now, if I were to be fancy
with her and I were to say,
oh, well, I'm psychic
and I get messages
from their spirit guides and
that gives them information.
That's more for me.
That's me wanting her
to believe in my world.
I don't need her to
understand my language.
She's asking a question, and
so she's looking for a clarity.
So what I just tell her
is, I'm like, I feel people
and I could feel the
truth inside of them.
And I reflect it
back to them in a way
that they can see
and feel it too
and that causes
changes in their lives.
That's it.
And she's like, oh,
that's really smart.
I like that.
>> Start with how you're
feeling right now,
which is apprehensive,
guarded would be another word.
And I feel all this
pressure in my head
that isn't mine, that's you.
And I can feel you trying to
make sense of the situation.
You're in your head and
you're spinning in there.
If you're feeling
other people's stuff,
it's sometimes really
hard to know what's yours
and what's theirs.
And that's the challenge.
Like, let's just
embrace that challenge.
You're not always going
to know, and that's OK.
You're learning.
>> I meet a lot of people
who are very high empathy.
They're sort of like sponges,
that wherever they go,
they will take on other
people's feelings and emotions
and experiences and wear
it in their auric field
as though it is their own.
>> People are becoming
ultra sensitive now
because of the high
frequency energy,
which means often very empathic.
And then people are
like, I'm overwhelmed,
I don't want to feel all this.
I don't know how--
And so there are skills for
developing that and working
with it, you know,
to keep you sane.
>> One way I have gotten better
at distinguishing what's mine
from what's not mine is to
get really good at knowing
what's mine.
So I am often checking
in, how am I feeling?
What's really
going on inside me?
The more clear I am about
my own energy, feelings,
what have you, the easier
it is for me to know, wait,
that doesn't feel like me.
That has a different quality.
>> One of the first
things I do is ask them,
do you help a lot of people?
And they say yeah.
I say, well, do
you ask people what
help they need from you
before you offer it?
Oh, no, I just figure out
what they need and I jump in
and I do it.
I'm like, well, I've got to tell
you something clairvoyantly,
and you can take this
or you can leave it,
but by just jumping
in and helping
you're not taking
care of yourself.
And you may not be doing exactly
what they need at that moment.
You can expend a lot less energy
just by being a good listener.
Eventually, that's going to
catch up with them to where
I'm not intuitive anymore.
What happened?
All I sense now is need,
need, need from people.
It's because you've cut
off how you treat yourself.
>> You are trying to be
precise and get things right.
But it's taking a lot of
effort to get things right
because you haven't yet
found a flow with anything.
You don't really
know how else to deal
with things other than to
try to figure them out.
And sometimes it can
get overwhelming.
I wonder if you even
get headaches sometimes
with that approach.
What's happening
below the surface,
the feelings are a lot of fear.
If the fear had a voice,
it would say is this OK?
Am I OK?
Is this OK?
And then when you do feel
like it's OK, you can relax.
And then you have this very
natural way of connecting.
You also, like I
can, feel what's
really going on with people, if
you feel calm and comfortable
and you're very loving.
But if you don't feel calm and
you're in the state of fear,
then that loving
quality gives way
to this hyperactivity
where you're just
trying to figure it out.
How can I get this done?
How can I solve this problem?
And you oscillate
between these two states
of feeling open and caring and
feeling nervous and hyperactive
with a lot of mental chatter.
>> We're very social creatures.
If you're in fear,
that's contagious, too.
Watch what you're thinking
and who you hang out
with because it will tend to
influence how you're feeling.
But if one person who's in a
deep, deep, wonderful peaceful
place, I think, can set
the tone for many hundreds
of other folks.
>> Underneath this fear is
a frustration, even a rage,
that hasn't yet found
any space for itself.
The frustration
or rage would say
something like, why do I
have to do it this way?
Why is it like this?
Why am I forced into this?
>> If the insights that
are coming to you are based
in anger or retribution,
revenge, or paranoia--
that one's plotting against
me, this one's after my job
or whatever--
those are the insights you
need to examine very, very
carefully.
Because they're not coming
in a helpful, hopeful,
healing framework.
If the insights that you get are
helpful, hopeful, and healing,
why wouldn't you
want to trust them?
>> You're trying to figure
out how to fit into things.
When I was your age, I also
was trying to figure out
how to fit into things.
But underneath that, there's
some deep essential part of you
that doesn't want to
fit in and it just
wants to do things the way
you would want to do them.
And you haven't had time or
space yet or enough safety
to be able to go there.
And there's a lot of
anger around that.
If I'm resonating with
you on some level,
you're probably already using
your empathic abilities.
We're using them all the time.
We're using them
to tune into people
we're around to make
them feel more safe.
We have an intuition
about what people need.
So maybe the thing to
do is just to notice
where you're already doing it
and give yourself some credit.
We're not used to getting
credit for being empathetic.
We're used to getting credit
for coming up with a solution
to a problem.
But what if the
best thing we can do
is just to be with
someone in the problem.
We tend not to get that
much credit for it,
so we can give it to ourselves.
And down there at the
level of the soul,
you feel like
somebody who wants to,
needs to weave people
together, the kind of person
who you want to be in a
group with because you're
going to know how
everyone is feeling
and how to make
everyone feel good,
like social glue, the
community builder,
the very gentle and
loving community builder.
I imagine that you're already
playing this role a lot
among your friends
and your family.
And I'm here to validate
that as your superpower,
to encourage you to notice
when you're doing that
and give yourself
some credit for it.
Because it might
come very easily.
It's not going to happen
when you feel like you
have to get things right.
Then you're going to go into
this intense, cerebral place
and your natural gifts
of weaving people
together will fall aside.
But as you develop more
and more of that gift,
the more that's what
you'll want to do.
You'll be the one bringing
that peace and connection.
>> When you establish a
beautiful, meditative field,
heart open, grounded
to the Earth,
connected to the spirit full
wide so you have a large
projection of energy around you,
it tends to influence people.
They may just say, gee,
every time I talk to you,
I feel better.
I come up here to Monroe
Institute often on Friday
when programs start on Saturday.
Building's completely empty.
And the place is glowing because
people have meditated there
all week.
It's the opposite
of haunted house.
It's kind of a blessed house.
And I consciously do that
to my home in the mountains
in North Carolina, where
we extend that energy
we're feeling to have a
beautiful, peaceful place there
for the plants to grow well, for
people to feel it very healing.
And that does occur.
>> That's what I
have for you, Jesse.
I'm going to open my eyes.
>> Well, you pretty much hit
the head of the nail with
the hammer right there.
That's-- yeah, that's very
accurate to what I'm actually
feeling or what I
believe that I'm feeling.
>> More and more people are
saying I need to learn about
intuition, I want to be
more fulfilled in my life.
>> Intuition will take you home.
It's a way to feeling
fully aligned.
fully in your purpose.
>> They'll say, I
want to be happy.
I tell them no, I
can't guarantee that.
Because happy is
dependent on an outcome.
I'll be happy when
I get that job.
I finish school.
I'll be happy when I have
a grandchild finally.
All of these things
depend on an outcome.
That's giving away the power.
Instead of happiness,
shoot for joy.
Just go for joy.
You can have a joyful moment
at any time, a joyful moment.
Look at this flower
blooming over here.
Look at this nice lady that made
my coffee at the coffee shop
today and how she smiled at me.
And I wonder if she's
having a difficult life,
but yet she took the time
to smile and be nice to me.
Those moments and
being observant
of those moments and
present in those moments
create stronger intuition.
>> When you start to integrate
those things and bring them
in, you'll feel more
and more like yourself.
And eventually, if you allow
those things to be your guide,
you will realize
that you are part
of this incredible
stream of consciousness
that just wants to
run through you.
And you'll feel less
like yourself, but only
in the beautiful sense that
you are now part of everything.
>> Even when you're not
trying to tune into things,
if you're taking care of
yourself, if you have prayer,
meditation, balance,
centered, good nutrition,
drink plenty of water, if you're
as kind to others as you can
possibly be, if you're as kind
to yourself as you can possibly
be, the intuition
will turn itself on.
>> Your perception of
where your energy is,
you could say
feeling pretty good.
That means my
energy is positive.
Now, I'm feeling really good.
Things are starting to
glow and look beautiful.
And I'm getting insights.
And I'm getting more intuition.
And serendipity is happening,
synchronicity is happening.
That would be a sign of
getting into a higher flow.
>> Be aware of everyone and
everything, animals, plants,
people, that are around you.
See the beauty and see the joy.
And listen to the insights
that you get and act on them.
[THEME MUSIC]